Hello my name is Tom Brennan welcome to my WDI 12 week journey!

I am a native New Yorker born in the Bronx and raised in both the Bronx and Yonkers.  I went to High School in New Rochelle, NY and College in Cortland, NY, majoring in Economics/Mgmt. Science.  I graduated from college in 1990 and spent the next 20+ years working in the Finance industry.  I spent six years on the Commodities Exchange, working in Coffee Options. The last 15 years were spent in the banking industry doing some trading, but mostly working as part of various COO/Managment teams.

On the programming side I have always been interested in computers.  I starting doing some programming late in high school.  I have started and stopped trying to learn to program more times then I can count, Hello World ad-nausem!  I knew I needed a more formal approach to reach my goals of becomming a Web Developer and moving my career over to the Tech industry.  It became obvious that a Computer Science program, while also interesting to me, was not the right path to follow.  I found General Assembly's 12 week Web Development Immersive (WDI) course and new I had stumbled onto my yellow brick road.

I was originally secheduled to take this 12 week course all the way back in May 2013.  Due to an illness and eventual death of a close family member, it was initially delayed until June (for five weeks) and finally to the September class (starting at the beginning again).  I would like to express my gratitude to General Assembly for working with me through a difficult time.  They are a very professional and fair organization.

Having been in the June class for five weeks obviously gives me a great head start.  However, I really needed to go back through the basics to hammer home all of the pregramming concepts (using the Ruby language) that are presented during the first part of the course.  It's a ground up approach and can be pretty scary if you fall behind.  Another issue with moving classes is cultural.  Despite being one of the older students I had a great connection with many members of the June class.  The class meshed very well and all worked together to help each other on labs and homework assignments.  This is something that General Assembly also stresses.  The instructors are excellent, but can only do so much.  Working collabratively is also a learned skill you need to work on to be successful.